Panorama - Partial Commit Support (#44646)
demisto/content: Packs/PAN-OS/ReleaseNotes/2_6_36.md

#### Integrations

##### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS

- Added support for *template* argument in the ***pan-os-commit*** command.

> - Added support for *device-group* argument in the ***pan-os-commit*** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for the *template* and *device-group* arguments in the ***pan-os-commit*** command.
```
